## *Q1* ##

- Initially all the students has to wait for the specified time to fill the preferences for which I used sem_timedwait which makes sure that the thread corresponding to the semaphore waits for the specified time.They wait(using sem_wait) until they are allocated to any course for tutorial.

-  For every course thread , there is an infinite while loop 

-  For every course I am checking whether any ta is available for taking tutorial. If all the Ta's specified for that course have exceeded thier maximum limit , then I am exiting from the while loop. If there are Ta's available then I have choosen a random number between 1 and max_limit to get the maximum seats allocated for that course. 

-  Now I am iterating through the students list who have thier preferences filled to select those students
whose first preference is the current course. If suppose there are no students waiting for the tutorial to start then I am keeping a delay of 2sec and again starting the while loop(using continue()). It is optimal not to start the tutorial where are no students available to make sure that the Ta's should not exhaust. If there are more than or equal to 1 students waiting then they are allocated to the corresponing Ta so that he can start tutorial. All the students who are waiting and having thier current preference as first preference then I am signaling them first(sem_post) and then waiting for completion of tutorial.

-  I kept a delay of 2sec between the start of tutorial and end of tutorial. After the tuturial students can take the course permanently or can move to next priority according to thier probabilty(calibre*interest quotient). So if a student has selected a course permenantly he can exit from the program or else he has to wait for start of tuturial for his second priotity.

-  I did the same for going to third preference from second preference.

-  Suppose if the course is removed from the course offerings then we have to make sure to students 
who are waiting to be allocated to this removed course wait for the next prefered course.

-  In the end if all the students exited from thier corresponding thread handler functions then course thereads should also exit.